{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red21\green23\blue25;\red205\green214\blue230;
\red2\green17\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c10980\c11765\c12941;\cssrgb\c83922\c87059\c92157;
\cssrgb\c392\c8627\c15294;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Readme \
\
1 pip install scrapy\
2 pip install Tree\
\
3. Url to scrape -> https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=software%20engineer&l=United%20States&from=searchOnHP\
\
4 Create Project -> scrapy startproject indeedscraper
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
5. Create a genspider -> 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 scrapy genspider indeedspider https://www.indeed.com/\
\
6. 
\f2\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 Step 5 - Scrapy Shell: Finding Our CSS Selectors\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	
\fs32 To open Scrapy shell use this command:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5          scrapy shell\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \
7. we need to use proxy for anti-bots used by indeed.com \
 	pip install scrapy-rotating-proxies\
	create a proxy_list.txt
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
fetch('
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 https://www.indeed.com/jobs
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 ')}









### BookCrawlerX

#### Abstract

The project aims to build a comprehensive web content search engine using Python. It consists of three main components: a Scrapy-based Crawler, a Scikit-Learn-based Indexer, and a Flask-based Processor. 
#### Development Summary/Objectives

##### Crawler:
***
* A Scrapy based Crawler for downloading web documents in html format - content crawling:
*  Initialize using seed URL/Domain, Max Pages, Max Depth

##### Indexer:
***
* A Scikit-Learn based Indexer for contructing an inverted index in pickle format - search indexing:
* Computer TF-IDF score/weight representation, Cosine similarity.

##### Processor:
****
* A Flask based Processor for handling free text queries in json format -query processing:
* Implement Query validation/error-checking, Top-K ranked results
#### Overview

The project is designed to create a comprehensive web document retrieval system.

##### Solution Outline:
***
*  **Crawler(Scrapy-based):** The Crawler is responsible for downloading web documents in HTML format. It initializes using a seed URL/Domain, Max Pages, and Max Depth.
* *Content Crawling*:

        1.Initializes with a seed URL/Domain to start the crawling process.
        2.Limits the number of pages to download with Max Pages.
        3.Limits the depth of crawling with Max Depth.
        4.Utilizes Scrapy to efficiently crawl web pages and extract HTML content.

* **Indexer(Scikit-Learn-based):** The Indexer is responsible for constructing an inverted index in pickle format.
* *Search Indexing*:

        1.Stores the inverted index in pickle format for fast retrieval.
        2.Represents documents using TF-IDF scores/weights.
        2.Calculates cosine similarity during query execution for efficient search 
        3.Utilizes Scikit-Learn to construct the inverted index and perform efficient searching.

**Processor (Flask-based):** The Processor handles free text queries in JSON format.
* *Query Processing:* 

        1.Validates and error-checks the incoming queries.
        2.Ranks and returns top-K results based on the query.
        3.Utilizes Flask to handle HTTP requests and responses.
        4.Integrates the Indexer to search and retrieve relevant documents.
        5.Provides results in JSON format for easy consumption by client applications.

##### Relevant Literature:
***
* Web Crawling and Content Extraction:The project employs Scrapy, a powerful web crawling framework, to extract content from web documents. Literature such as "Scrapy: An Open Source Web Crawling Framework for Python" by Pablo Hoffman et al. provides insights into how Scrapy efficiently extracts data from websites.
* Inverted Index and Information Retrieval:For the construction of the inverted index and efficient search, the project utilizes Scikit-Learn. Literature such as "Introduction to Information Retrieval" by Christopher D. Manning, Prabhakar Raghavan, and Hinrich Schütze is a fundamental resource providing a comprehensive understanding of inverted indexes, TF-IDF, and cosine similarity.
* Query Processing and Flask:Flask, a micro web framework, is used for processing free text queries. Literature such as "Flask Web Development: Developing Web Applications with Python" by Miguel Grinberg offers detailed insights into building web applications with Flask.
